README.md, before:

# vagrant-riak-meta
The aggregate of all the Vagrantfiles we can find in our community. 

## About this 
We're hunting for Vagrantfiles, designed to work with [Vagrant](http://vagrantup.com), that stand up [Riak KV](http://basho.com/riak/) or [Riak S2](http://basho.com/products/riak-s2/).



| Repo | Product | Version | Last updated | Use case? |
|:----:| ------- | ------- | ------------ | --------- |
|[Build Riak][0]|Riak KV| 2.1.1|June 2015| Riak from source using shell
|[Zombie Demo][1]|Riak KV|2.1.1|June 2015| All-in-one demo
|[Riak Cluster][2]|Riak KV|1.4.7|Nov 2014| 5 node cluster w/Chef
|[Riak Ruby][3]|Riak KV|2.1.1|June 2015|Ruby client tester system
|[Riak Clients][4]|Riak KV|2.1.1|July 2015|Riak client test system
| Add here!
|


## Contributing

TODO

This project will only link to projects, not be one itself. To keep the table legible, please use the linking syntax shown in this file. 


[0]: https://github.com/basho-labs/vagrant-build-riak
[1]: https://github.com/basho-labs/vagrant-zombie-riak
[2]: https://github.com/basho-labs/vagrant-riak-cluster
[3]: https://github.com/basho-labs/riak-ruby-vagrant
[4]: https://github.com/basho-labs/riak-clients-vagrant

Commit message:

Adding Mesos and BDP projects

README.md, after:

# vagrant-riak-meta
The aggregate of all the Vagrantfiles we can find in our community. 

## About
We're hunting for Vagrantfiles, designed to work with [Vagrant](http://vagrantup.com), that stand up [Riak KV](http://basho.com/riak/), [Riak S2](http://basho.com/products/riak-s2/) and the [Basho Data Platform](http://basho.com/basho-data-platform/).



| Repo | Product | Version | Last updated | Use case? |
|:----:| ------- | ------- | ------------ | --------- |
|[Build Riak][0]|Riak KV| 2.1.1|June 2015| Riak from source using shell
|[Zombie Demo][1]|Riak KV|2.1.1|June 2015| All-in-one demo
|[Riak Cluster][2]|Riak KV|1.4.7|Nov 2014| 5 node cluster w/Chef
|[Riak Ruby][3]|Riak KV|2.1.1|June 2015|Ruby client tester system
|[Riak Clients][4]|Riak KV|2.1.1|July 2015|Riak client test system
|[Basho Data Platform][5]|BDP|1.0.0|Aug 2015|Test BDP
|[Riak Mesos][6]|Riak KV|2.1.1|Aug 2015|Spin up Riak KV on Mesos
| Add here!
|


## Contributing

Fork, link and PR! :neckbeard:

<!---
This project will only link to projects, not be one itself. To keep the table legible, please use the linking syntax shown in this file. 
-->

[0]: https://github.com/basho-labs/vagrant-build-riak
[1]: https://github.com/basho-labs/vagrant-zombie-riak
[2]: https://github.com/basho-labs/vagrant-riak-cluster
[3]: https://github.com/basho-labs/riak-ruby-vagrant
[4]: https://github.com/basho-labs/riak-clients-vagrant
[5]: https://github.com/basho-labs/vagrant-bdp-cluster
[6]: https://github.com/basho-labs/vagrant-riak-mesos
